All right, and that's basically what
I wanted to cover in this course.
I set out what I wanted to achieve, I hope
everyone that attended the course that's
here that's watching live,
got some value from this.
They've learned how someone
today would build a full stack
app using tools like React and
Node and Postgres and Vercel.
This is literally how I would do it if I
got hired today at some company that said
hey, we need you to build up
your employee number one.
We need you to built this from
scratch that's in full stack web app,
this is how I would do it.
I would literally do it just like this, I
wouldn't think twice about anything else.
So, these are the patterns and the tools
that I use that's my thought process,
hopefully I was able to add some
value to your life some way somehow.
If not if you feel like the way that I'm
doing things are not quite up to par,
please let me know I'm willing to learn
and get better as well I'm not perfect.
Especially now that I'm not even a full
time engineer writing code every day so,
it just feels weird saying that.
But yeah, I love these tools, I love these
technologies, I stay current as I can.
I still build things on the side, and
I still evaluate a lot of code as well.
I'm actually looking at people's code
more than I actually write code now,
because that's just part of diligence and
stuff like that.
So yeah, hopefully this course was
something that, you learned from, and
like I said before, feel free to go
in here and look at these designs.
I mean, there's just so much potential
that you can add to this app.
I mean, just from the UI side,
making it even tighter cleaning it up,
down to the play bar with the images and
the volume controls.
The whole favorite system, the creating
a playlist, the search functionality.
Prisma actually has really good search
mechanisms built into it full text
searching, full text search
looks like it's in preview mode.
But yeah, they have full text search
where you can do things like that,
it's really cool.
So yeah, you can add that search feature,
so if you're still okay, this was cool,
but yeah I wanna go a little deeper.
Keep going with this app just
keep making it keep building it,
getting it to where you want.
And if you wanna show off let
me know I would love to see it,
send me a link on GitHub
put it on code sandbox.
Send me a link that you
deployed to Vercel,
it doesn't matter I would love to see
what you got and yeah, thanks for coming.
>> [APPLAUSE]